we are in the market is zero defect maybe right now so I'm not sure that
that is the case that's ever been the case not as accepting of failures
so to avoid that you have to do as many roles as many you know
one three research practice runs dry world scenario planning it cetera
that you can possibly think of this is where the aviators have
overalls where they can do this simple okay just fly the simulator fly
the simulator fly the simulator I have been told that the pilots
that flew the J. thirty five simulators bald **** got you know absolute
a number one scores for then that the lease questions of their broke
or they will find it give me a so one zero one you're active and
that could be part of that person is chief editor and also all I was
always the number one also made going so far hi I always wanted to
know how hot it got in those farmers and Great Lakes that's where
we want it might four of five five three if you want to know what your
body can say what you have to go without a fight so we would do that
is by the way so do these roles try to figure out what you can do
that will help you be prepared for this zero Z. facts mentalities
that you're gonna be facing